Mars Rebels

Season 1 - Episode 1. Broken

by Bored Colleen


When the first space-shuttles landed on Mars, humans were finally able to set foot on the planet. However, they quickly realized that the planet was far from inhabitable. People on Mars needed a kind of super energy source to survive. Many scientists tried but did not succeed until finally, a company called TeraX perfected fusion energy technology and many other necessary mechanisms to keep people alive on the planet. Colonization of the planet finally began, with TeraX highly involved in everything that happened within the new civilization. Eventually, TeraX was even able to make Martian air breathable, and the civilization prospered.

It started a few years ago, when the dark age began. The shadows stretch across the red planet, as the sun sets on another day. TeraX had too much power, and their CEO eventually grew to become a dictator. Rex, the dictator of Mars, stands atop his towering building, looking down at his city with a satisfied smirk. The once bustling streets are now empty, the only signs of life are the Terabots, patrolling as military enforcement. TeraX has taken over, their logo displayed on flags and buildings everywhere.

A large army of TeraX robots marched out of the main facility, ready to take over. Fighting them seemed impossible, but the people of Mars refused to give up without a fight. The Mars Rebels suited up in their military outfits and began to fight back. We were the Mars Rebels, and we were this planet's last chance.

The war was a long and brutal one, lasting for six years. The Mars Rebels fought tooth and nail, but in the end, they were simply outnumbered and outgunned by the Terabots. It all came to a head one fateful day outside the main TeraX facility. The Mars Rebels thought they had the upper hand, but they were quickly surrounded by hundreds of Terabots. Large numbers of rebels were captured and put in handcuffs, while others were shot and killed. It was a massacre, and the Mars Rebels were completely annihilated.

​​Swift and Pat were sitting in a Mars junkyard, filled with scraps and destroyed technology. Pat was imploring Swift to help him with the rescue mission. Swift looked completely against it and depressed. 

"Come on Swift," Pat said. 

"If it was us in there, wouldn't you want someone to at least try and free us? No," Swift replied. "Because I wouldn't want anyone else to die." 
Swift got emotional and slightly angry as he responded to Pat. 
"You do understand that is what we are talking about, right? This is a suicide mission. If we do it, neither one of us is coming back." 

Pat tried his best to be motivational. He fully believed in the cause. "I don't believe that. I can't. If there is even a 1% chance we could still win the war, we have to try." 

Swift shook his head at Pat. He didn't understand the optimism that Pat somehow still had. 
"There is no winning the war, Pat," Swift said. "The best thing we can do is to let it end without any more casualties." 

"So you're just going to give up?" Pat asked. 

"No," Swift replied. 

"I'm going to do what's best for everyone." Swift said.

"And you don't think this is it?" Pat asked.

"No, I don't," Swift replied.
