Pat begins to look annoyed at Swift. Swift's expression softens as Pat's words sting him.
"What happened to you? One defeat and you completely give up?" Pat said.

Swift's shoulders slump. "Come on, you and me both know..." 

Pat is now screaming at Swift, losing it at his friend's complete loss of confidence. "No, you come on! You used to be Mars' greatest rebel. You would never give up, no matter the odds."
"Look at you now, just wallowing in your own failure. The great soldier Swift really is dead."

Pat turns away from Swift and begins to walk away. "Guess I'm going myself. Enjoy your depression."
Swift gives in to Pat's pushing but doesn't look happy about it. "Fine."
Pat turns back towards Swift, smiling as his trick worked. "There he is!"

Swift is now thinking of a plan, "But if we are doing this, we are going to need help. And I know just the person for this."




The outside of the main TeraX facility casts a large shadow over Mars. Rex, the CEO, stands at the side of his large office looking out of the window. His secretary, Clara, enters the office; she seems unsure of herself as she asks Rex a question.

"Boss, with the rebels captured most of the Terabots are currently serving no purpose. Would you like us to have some of them decommissioned?"

Rex turns from the window towards Clara, looking clearly annoyed at her question. "Decommissioned?"

"Yes Sir," Clara replies.

Rex seems very confused by Clara’s suggestion. "Why would we ever do that?"

"Well, we don’t really need them anymore and they are taking up a lot of space."

Rex looks at Clara incredulously. "Are you suggesting that we get rid of our most valuable assets?"

"Well, when you put it like that, I suppose not," Clara says, backtracking.

"I should hope not," Rex says, his voice full of disdain. "Now get out of here before you say something else stupid."

Clara attempted to explain her reasoning, while Rex intimidates her.
"Because the rebels are defeated, the Terabots serve no purpose outside of policing," Clara said.
"The Mars Rebels are defeated you mean," Rex said.

Clara began getting incredibly nervous.
"I'm not sure I understand Sir," Clara said.
Rex turned and began to look out the window at the stars once again.

"Mars isn't the only planet in our solar system," Rex said.
Rex smiled as he revealed his plan.

"And don't you think the others should benefit from our rule as well?" Rex said.
