



Swift and Pat approach a garage-like structure on the outskirts of the civilization. Pat hesitates, but Swift is resolute.
As they enter, they spot Ava seated on a high-tech vehicle. She looks annoyed and battle worn, with a scar on her face.

Ava scowls at them. "What are you doing here? You shouldn't have come."
Swift looks pleadingly at her. "We need your help."
Ava crosses her arms. "You lost your right to ask for my help."
Pat tries to smile warmly at her. "Ava, please."
Ava's expression softens slightly, but she shakes her head. "Get out of here."

Ava steps away from Swift, her anger still present. She looks him in the eye, admitting her mistake.

"You're not asking for you?" It's always about you Swift. When I left TeraX to help you, I gave up everything. I did it because I believed in you. You betrayed that trust, why should I ever trust you again.

Swift finally looks Ava in the eyes, admitting his mistake. "Because I failed these people, the same way I failed you. I just want a chance to make it right, that's it."

Ava now breaks the eye contact, turning away. "You don't deserve another chance."

Swift places his hand on Ava's shoulder. "I know, but the others, they do. Just help us get them out, then you never have to see me again."

Ava, finger pointing angrily at Swift, says "Ok, but you pull anything, and I swear I'll kill you this time." Swift, looking annoyed, replies "Thank you." Pat, moving between Ava and Swift, attempts to defuse the situation, asking "So, how do we get in?"

Ava, laid-back, replies "It's a pass card system, so we'll have to swipe one off an employee." Swift, now even more annoyed, asks "How are we going to manage that?" Ava, still smirking, says "Easy, we catch someone on their way out."

Ava's smirk fades as she stares down at the ground. "We go at night," she says quietly. "Hopefully then we can get in and out without being noticed."

Ava, Swift, and Pat are all waiting behind a barricade, right outside of the TeraX facility. Swift and Pat are dressed in their military Mars Rebel gear. Clara begins walking out of the facility, her pass card is visible on her waist. As she passes by the barricade, Ava jumps out and grabs her, her hand blocking Clara’s mouth. Clara is tied up behind the barricade as the group talks and Ava holds the pass card. 

Ava says, “Ok, now we can get inside.” Pat says, “Great!” Swift attempts one more time to reason with Pat before they decide to do this. Swift says, “You sure you want to do this Pat, once we go in there is no turning back.” Pat says, “Let’s go.”

The group of friends had made it to the side of the building where there was a large metal door with a computer scanning panel. Ava held up the pass card to the scanner, and the display turned green.
"We're in!" Ava exclaimed.
The group entered the building and began walking through the corridor. Suddenly, an employee who worked for TeraX Corporation started talking.
"So, I think boss wants us to start working on the new development..." the employee said.
Ava quickly pushed the guys through the nearest door, getting them out of the way.
"Quick, through here!" Ava said.

The group was now inside of the room, which was filled with schematics and maps. These plans seemed to be figuring out how to get to other planets. Swift stared at one of the plans in disbelief.
"Oh my God. They're planning to attack other planets!" Swift said.