Pat picks up a blueprint for what looks like a new kind of space shuttle.
"Wait, what is all of this?" Pat says.
Ava looks absolutely terrified.
"Oh no, he's actually doing it," Ava says.
Swift turns toward Ava who is moving through some of the plans on a desk.
"Doing what?" Swift says.
"Rex always talked about expanding beyond Mars. Said he wanted to share his greatness with the rest of the solar system," Ava says.
Pat looks to Ava hoping for some good news but not expecting it. Swift's expression turns to one of motivation.
"And you think he is actually going to do it," Pat says.
"If these plans are anything to go by, yes," Ava says.
"All the more reason to complete our mission," Swift says.

Ava led the guys down another hallway.
"Come one, don't want to have any more close calls," she said.
They walked down a staircase to the underground prison beneath the facility.
"The prison is down here," she said.
The group began walking through the very dark hallways of the underground facility.
"Be careful," she said.
Pat came face to face with a powered down Terabot.
"Ahh..." he said.
Ava clamped her hand over Pat's mouth stopping his scream.
"Be careful of the Terabots, they are currently asleep, and we don't want to wake them up," she said.

As the group reached the end of the hall, they came across a large cell block with about 10 Mars Rebel soldiers. The cells had forcefield walls instead of bars.
One of the soldiers said, "Pat! Swift! It's so good to see you guys!"
The forcefields all deactivated, freeing the soldiers.
Ava said, "Shutting off power in this block."
Pat said, "See Swift, easy."
Swift said, "Too easy."
A large group of Terabots booted up and their eyes turned red.

The Mars Rebels now all out of their cells, have all been handed their gear by Ava, who is currently handing a laser sword to the last Mars Rebel in line. Ava tells them that they need to free the other two blocks and to follow her. Pat heard a clanking sound and turned to his friends. "Swift, did you hear that?" he whispered. Pat's heart was pounding in his chest. He was sure that there was something out there, lurking in the darkness.

Swift pulls out his laser sword and stands in the middle of the Mars Rebels. Swift tells them to get ready because the Terabots are coming. The Mars Rebels stand back-to-back with half of them facing opposite sides. The Terabots begin closing in from both sides. Half the rebels are engaging with one side of the Terabots while the other half are engaging with the other side, making for a pretty even fight. A couple of them are throwing ray-shuriken and others are charging forward with their laser swords.