Swift's laser sword clashed against one of the Terabots' laser swords, the two struggling for control. As Swift slices through the Terabot, he notices the other rebels having success against them as well. On the other half of the battlefield, Ava is using a blaster to shoot one of the Terabots in the head. The entire half of the rebels succeeds against the Terabots, including Ava blasting her way through and Pat using his laser sword to disarm a Terabot.

The Mars Rebels stand over the destroyed parts of the Terabots, victorious in the battle. Swift walks over to Ava, looking a little tired from the encounter.
"We can't stay here much longer," Swift says. "Is there any way to deactivate all 3 blocks at the same time?"
"Only by destroying the fusion reactor," Ava replies.
Swift looks confident as he makes his decision. "Then we destroy the fusion reactor."
All the rebels turn in shock as way more Terabots start coming from one side.
"I think we better get going then," Pat says.
The Rebels begin running in the opposite direction of the Terabots. "The fusion reactor is this way!" Ava shouts.


As the rebels entered the room, they all paused to stare at the machine in the middle shooting a beam of energy upwards. Pat spoke up, guessing that it was the fusion reactor. Ava confirmed this. The Terabots followed them into the room and the Rebels fell back behind some machines in the back of the room.
One of the Rebels called out that there were too many of them. Swift looked over the cover, throwing three ray-shuriken towards the Terabots. He called back to Ava, asking how to shut down the reactor.

Ava looks nervous.

"There is a lever underneath the main column of the reactor," Ava says. "You have to pull it out, turn it, and then push it back in. Then the shutdown will be initiated."

The Rebels are trading fire with the Terabots who are moving closer to where they are hiding.

"How is anyone supposed to get to the center of the room without getting roasted?" a Rebel asks.

A serious look spreads across the face of Pat.

"I'll do it," Pat says.

Pat, Ava and Swift discuss the plan behind cover while the other rebels cover them.

"Push the Terabots out of the room and I'll stay back to initiate the shutdown," Pat says.

"But how will you get out?" Ava asks.

"I will figure something out," Pat says.

"It's too big a risk," Swift says.