Pat stared down. He looked confident.
"This mission was my idea. We are here because of me. I have to do this," Pat said.
Swift and Part shook hands, attempting to hide their emotions and stay positive.
"Fine. Just be careful," Swift said.
"Yeah, try not to die," Ava said.
Ava began firing her blaster to push back the Terabots and the other Rebels followed behind, throwing ray-shuriken.
Swift began slicing through Terabots, clearly filled with rage and determination after his conversation with Pat.
He sliced through two more Terabots as others fell around him due to projectiles from the other rebels.


The Mars Rebels are retreating down the hallway, fighting as they run. They are greeted with even more Terabots who cut them off from the door to the reactor room as the battle continues.
Ava shouts at Swift, "Let's start moving towards the exit!"
The rebels are forced to start retreating down the hallway as the Terabots overwhelm them.
Swift shouts back, "What about Pat?"
Ava looks very concerned and shouts, "Don't Swift, not again!"
As the rebels are retreating through the hallways, fighting as they run, red lights begin flashing.
A computer voice announces, "REACTOR SHUTDOWN INITIATED!"
Swift shouts, "Pat did it!"
Ava looks even more concerned as she shouts at Swift, "Great, now let's get out of here!"
All the rebels exit the facility and back outside into the night. About 50 Rebels total have escaped. Pat is nowhere to be seen.

Ava and Swift are sitting where Pat and Swift were in the beginning of the story. Swift looks very depressed.
"I can't believe we left him," Swift says.
"You did the right thing Swift, think of everyone we saved," Ava replies.
Swift looks down in shame a tear rolls down his face. "I know... but it just feels wrong."
"Come on Swift, it's not your fault. You know that right," Ava says as she rests her hand on Swift's shoulder for comfort.
"It was Pat's mission. It's wrong he isn't here for the victory," Swift says.
"This is what Pat wanted wasn't it? To take down TeraX once and for all," Ava attempts to reassure Swift.
The Mars Rebels once again suiting up, getting ready for the war that looms.
"Pat gave us a shot to win this war. We need to take it," Ava says.
Swift nods his head in agreement, understanding what needs to be done.

Rex stood with his hands crossed, looking unsettlingly calm, starting speaking.
"It's been a long time since I've been defeated," Rex said. "I don't enjoy it. The Mars Rebels have been a pain in my side for too long now. But that's about to change."
We now see that Rex is speaking to someone in a cell like the ones we saw earlier with a forcefield barrier. The person in the cell is Pat.

"Because of you," Rex said with a creepy smile.